[RF] Add instructions for writing custom PDFs in the BatchCompute library. (#7493)
root-project/root: roofit/batchcompute/README.md

of a single event at a time, as in the legacy evaluate() function in roofit. In addition, the code is written in a manner that allows for compiler optimizations, notably 
auto-vectorization. This library is compiled multiple times for different [vector instuction set architectures](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIMD) and the optimal code is 
executed during runtime, as a result of an automatic hardware detection mechanism that this library contains.
As a result, fits can benefit by a speedup of 3x-16x.

### How to use
To make use of the batch evaluation feature, one should override [`RooAbsReal::evaluateSpan()`](https://root.cern.ch/doc/master/classRooAbsReal.html#a1e5129ffbc63bfd04c01511fd354b1b8)
```c++
  RooSpan<double> RooMyPDF::evaluateSpan(RooBatchCompute::RunContext& evalData, const RooArgSet* normSet) const
```
The evalData is a simple struct that holds the vector data for the fitting in the form of `RooSpan<double>`.
The normSet (normalization set) is used for invoking the computation and retrieving the values of the variables of the PDF.

> ```c++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First retrieve all inputs using `object.getValues()`, and then perform the computation.

There are two ways to perform a computation:
- Perform it directly in the function. This is the simplest solution, and results in ~3x speed up.
- Offload the computation into the RooBatchCompute library. In addition to the 3x speed up due to better data access, additional speed up due to vectorisation can be used. 
```c++
```

RooSpan<double> RooMyPDF::evaluateSpan(RooBatchCompute::RunContext& evalData, const RooArgSet* normSet) const
{
  RooSpan<const double> span1 = var1->getValues(evalData, normSet);
  //or: auto span1 = var1->getValues(evalData, normSet);
  RooSpan<const double> span2 = var2->getValues(evalData, normSet);

>   .
>   .
>   .
>   //Once all spans have been computed, call the computing function from the RooBatchCompute library
>   return RooBatchCompute::dispatch->computeMyPDF(this, evalData, span1, span2, ...);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  // Option 1: Run computations directly in the function body.
  // This should be done for PDFs that are not part of RooFit
  auto results = evalData.makeBatch(this, <size of results>);
  for (std::size_t i = 0; i < results.size(); ++i) {
    results[i] = // implement computation
  }
  return results;
   
  // Option 2: Dispatch to the RooBatchCompute library for maximum speed.
  return RooBatchCompute::dispatch->computeMyPDF(this, evalData, span1, span2, ...);
```
